applications: nrf_desktop: Add BLE latency documentation (#2044)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_latency.rst

BLE latency module
##################

Use the BLE latency module to:

> * lower the BLE connection latency when :ref:`config_channel` is in use (low latency ensures quick data exchange),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Lower the BLE connection latency when :ref:`config_channel` is in use (low latency ensures a quick data exchange).
```

> * disconnect the Bluetooth Central if security was not established in predefined amount of time after the connection occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disconnect the Bluetooth Central if the connection has not been secured in the predefined amount of time after the connection occurred.
```

+--------------------+----------------------------------+                 |              |             |
| :ref:`hids`        |  ``config_event``                |                 |              |             |
+--------------------+                                  |                 |              |             |
| :ref:`usb_state`   |                                  |                 |              |             |
+--------------------+----------------------------------+                 |              |             |
| :ref:`hids`        |  ``config_fetch_request_event``  |                 |              |             |
+--------------------+                                  |                 |              |             |
| :ref:`usb_state`   |                                  |                 |              |             |
+--------------------+----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------+-------------+

Configuration
*************

The module requires the basic Bluetooth configuration, as described in the Bluetooth guide.
The module is enabled for every nRF Desktop peripheral device.

> You can use the option ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_SECURITY_FAIL_TIMEOUT_S`` to define maximum allowed time for the connection security establishment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the option ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_SECURITY_FAIL_TIMEOUT_S`` to define the maximum allowed time for establishing the connection security.
```

> In case the connection is not secured in this amount of time, the peripheral device disconnects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection is not secured during this period of time, the peripheral device disconnects.
```

Implementation details
**********************

The BLE latency module uses delayed works (:c:type:`struct k_delayed_work`) to control the connection latency and trigger the security timeout.

The module listens for ``config_event`` and ``config_fetch_request_event`` to detect when the :ref:`config_channel` is in use.

> * When the :ref:`config_channel` is in use, the module sets low connection latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the :ref:`config_channel` is in use, the module sets the connection latency to low.
```

> * When the :ref:`config_channel` is no longer in use (no :ref:`config_channel` events for ``LOW_LATENCY_CHECK_PERIOD_MS``), the module sets the connection latency to :option:`CONFIG_BT_PERIPHERAL_PREF_SLAVE_LATENCY` to reduce the power consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the :ref:`config_channel` is no longer in use (no :ref:`config_channel` events for ``LOW_LATENCY_CHECK_PERIOD_MS``), the module sets the connection latency to :option:`CONFIG_BT_PERIPHERAL_PREF_SLAVE_LATENCY` in order to reduce the power consumption.
```

> The ``ble_latency`` module receives :ref:`config_channel` events, but it is not configurable via the :ref:`config_channel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``ble_latency`` module receives :ref:`config_channel` events, but it is not configurable with the :ref:`config_channel`.
```

The module does not register itself using the ``GEN_CONFIG_EVENT_HANDLERS`` macro.

> In case the Nrfxlib Link Layer (:option:`CONFIG_BT_LL_NRFXLIB`) is selected on the connected Bluetooth central, the connection latency can be controlled only on the central side (peripheral's requests to modify the connection latency are ignored).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the nrfxlib Link Layer (:option:`CONFIG_BT_LL_NRFXLIB`) is selected on the connected Bluetooth central, the connection latency can be controlled only on the central side. (The peripheral's requests to modify the connection latency are ignored.)
```
